Add clarification about project status (#75)
oras-project/oras-go: README.md

![ORAS](https://github.com/oras-project/oras-www/raw/main/docs/assets/images/oras.png)

## Project status

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ORAS Go library follows [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/), where breaking changes are reserved for MAJOR releases, and MINOR and PATCH releases must be 100% backwards compatible.

```

### v1: stable

As there are various stable projects depending on the ORAS Go library, the
[`v1`](https://github.com/oras-project/oras-go/tree/v1) branch
is maintained for API stability, dependency updates, and security patches.

> All `v1.*` releases are based upon this branch.

Reviewer 2: can we clarify which branch is “this”

Reviewer: I believe this is clear from the previous sentence.

Reviewer: To be clear, I meant since this is markdown the newline isn't registered, the last sentence appears in the same paragraph as the previous sentence where the `v1` branch name and link was noted.

If you are seeking stability over new features, you are highly encouraged
to use releases with major version `1`.

### v2: experimental

In contrast to the `v1` branch, the
[`main`](https://github.com/oras-project/oras-go/tree/main) branch
is where all new feature development will occur. Since ORAS is a
primary staging ground for the
[ORAS Artifacts Specification](https://github.com/oras-project/artifacts-spec),
changes are expected to occur regularly to meet new requirements.

> This will likely introduce backward-incompatible changes, resulting in

Reviewer 2: maybe make this sound a little less scary by adding may, and will follow semver semantics with a 2.* release for consumers to opt in?

Reviewer: Good idea, I added a code suggestion for this below 😄 How does that sound?

> changes are expected to occur regularly to meet new requirements.
> This will likely introduce backward-incompatible changes, resulting in
> a new major version of the library (`2`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
changes are expected to occur regularly to meet new requirements.
Any backward-incompatible changes will follow our [versioning policy](#versioning) and be reserved for the next major version of the library (`2`), which users may opt into.
```
